---
title: "Obsolescence as an Opportunity: The Role of Adaptive Reuse in Calgary's Office Market"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2021-1
excerpt: 'This paper examines the present state of office vacancy in downtown Calgary; looks at barriers to office conversion, limitations in existing processes and structures and potential policy considerations, drawing upon best practices from other jurisdictions. Finally, it will conclude with a series of policy recommendations and mechanisms which may enable efficiency and innovation in addressing the existing office stock.'
date: '2021-02-22'
venue: 'The School of Public Policy Publications'
paperurl: 'https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/07352166.2021.2002698'
citation: 'Graham, R., Ehlenz, M. M., & Han, A. T. (2021). "Professional sports venues as catalysts for revitalization? Perspectives from industry experts" <i>Journal of Urban Affairs</i>.'
---
Throughout North America, professional sports venues (PSV) have become a prominent urban redevelopment strategy. Much of the previous research related to PSV has focused on economic impacts and the use of public money to help fund construction. Conversely, there is less research exploring the relationship between PSV and the urban environment. To better understand this relationship, we disseminated a web-based survey to planning and development practitioners. Our research explores the degree to which industry experts: (1) perceive PSV as catalysts for development and revitalization; (2) associate PSV siting, policies, and programs with development and revitalization objectives; and (3) believe PSV investments in different (sub)urban locales can affect neighborhood change. Our findings illustrate a high degree of expert optimism, with respondents reporting that they believe PSV have the capacity to generate place-based changes. Their responses support a downtown-centric perspective, as professionals see greater opportunity for PSV to drive change in downtowns relative to more peripheral locations. Notably, respondents indicate that municipalities play a prominent role in supporting PSV outcomes, primarily through the adoption and implementation of key land use, zoning, and planning policies.
[Download paper here]([http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper2.pdf](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/07352166.2021.2002698))

Recommended citation: Graham, R., Ehlenz, M. M., & Han, A. T. (2021). "Professional sports venues as catalysts for revitalization? Perspectives from industry experts" <i>Journal of Urban Affairs</i>.'
